add data prop and rerender FAQ (#280)
eclipsesource/jsonforms2-website: content/faq/faq.mdx

const initialData = person.data;

function App() {

>   const [data, setData] = useState(initialData);

Reviewer: we should also hand over `data` to the `data` field of JSON Forms

  />
);

const renderers = [
    ...materialRenderers,
    //register custom renderer
    { tester: rankWith(3,scopeEndsWith('rating')), renderer: RatingControl }
  ]

...

<JsonForms
  schema={schema}
  uischema={uischema}
  data={stateData}
  renderers={renderers}
/>
```

For more information about custom renderers, have a look [here](/docs/tutorial/custom-renderers).

## How can I minimize rerenderings in React?

Like most React components, JSON Forms will revalidate and rerender whenever a new object is passed to it.

> To reduce unnecessary rerenders and optimize your application's performance, any prop handed over to JsonForms in React should be either stable or memoized.

Reviewer: We should elaborate a bit here:
- JSON Forms uses React.memo, so to avoid any unnecessary rerenderings only stable properties should be handed over

Some specifics:
- Handing over a new `schema` prop will revalidate and rerender
- Handing over a new `data` prop will revalidate and rerender, except for if it's the `data` which was emitted by `onChange`
- Handing over a new `onChange` is fine as neither `rerender` nor `revalidate` will be triggers
- Handing over a new `i18n` is fine, as long as the properties are stable.
- validationMode change might trigger a revalidation and rerender
- Handing over anything else new will potentially lead to a `rerender`.

An antipattern can be seen when looking at the `data` prop in the following example:
```js
const [data, setData] = useState(initialData);

<JsonForms
  data={data}
  onChange={({ data }) => setData({ ...data })}
/>

> ```

Reviewer: Before showing the antipattern, show how it should be done

Setting a new object in the `onChange` function leads to a new render cycle, which will revalidate the data and retrigger the onChange method, resulting in an endless loop.

> Only provide a new object to JSON Forms in necessary, specific cases.

Reviewer: for example if an object needs to be modified

  />
);

> const renderers = [

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// renderers should be static or memoized
const renderers = [
```

    ...materialRenderers,
    //register custom renderer
    { tester: rankWith(3,scopeEndsWith('rating')), renderer: RatingControl }
  ]

...

<JsonForms
  schema={schema}
  uischema={uischema}
  data={stateData}
  renderers={renderers}
/>
```

For more information about custom renderers, have a look [here](/docs/tutorial/custom-renderers).

## How can I minimize re-rendering in React?

> JSON Forms uses React.memo, to avoid any unnecessary re-rendering stable properties should be handed over.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JSON Forms uses React.memo to avoid any unnecessary re-rendering.
Therefore props should in general be stable, for example by memoizing them.
```

> JSON Forms will not revalidate and rerender when a new onChange method is handed over or the i18n object changes, as long as the properties are stable. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are three exceptions: JSON Forms can handle "onChange" and "middleware" changes, for example to support anonymous functions. Also new "i18n" objects will be ignored as long as its properties are stable.
```

> If the data prop changes, except for if it`s the data which was emitted by onChange, JSON Forms will revalidate and rerender.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

JSON Forms is able to recognize `data` objects it emitted via `onChange`, so handing them over is safe too.
However whenever a different `data` object is handed over, JSON Forms will revalidate and rerender.
```

```js
const [data, setData] = useState(initialData);

<JsonForms
  data={data}
  onChange={({ data }) => setData(data)}
/>
```
In this Scenario, onChange will set the data in the parent component.
Afterwards the data is passed on to JSON Forms, but JSON Forms will not revalidate and render again, since the data prop is the object emitted by the onChange method.

> An antipattern on the other hand can be seen when looking at the `data` prop in the following example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the other hand an anti pattern can be seen when looking at the `data` prop in the following example:
```

```js
const [data, setData] = useState(initialData);

<JsonForms
  data={data}
  onChange={({ data }) => setData({ ...data })}
/>
```
Updating the state with a new object in the `onChange` function leads to a new render cycle, in which JSON Forms will revalidate the data and retrigger the onChange method, resulting in an endless loop.

> Only provide a new object to JSON Forms if necessary for example if an object needs to be modified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only provide a new object to JSON Forms if necessary, for example if an object needs to be modified.
```

> React also provides other tools to stabilize data, such as the `useMemo`, `useCallback`, or `useRef` hook, to improve the performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
React also provides other tools to stabilize data, such as the `useMemo`, `useCallback`, or `useRef` hooks, to improve the performance.
```

  />
);

// renderers should be static or memoized
const renderers = [
    ...materialRenderers,
    //register custom renderer
    { tester: rankWith(3,scopeEndsWith('rating')), renderer: RatingControl }
  ]

...

<JsonForms
  schema={schema}
  uischema={uischema}
  data={stateData}
  renderers={renderers}
/>
```

For more information about custom renderers, have a look [here](/docs/tutorial/custom-renderers).

## How can I minimize re-rendering?

> JSON Forms uses React.memo to avoid any unnecessary re-rendering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JSON Forms uses `React.memo` to avoid any unnecessary re-rendering.
```

Therefore props should in general be stable, for example by memoizing them.
There are three exceptions: JSON Forms can handle "onChange" and "middleware" changes, for example to support anonymous functions. Also new "i18n" objects will be ignored as long as their properties are stable.

JSON Forms is able to recognize `data` objects it emitted via `onChange`, so handing them over is safe too.
However whenever a different `data` object is handed over, JSON Forms will revalidate and rerender.

```js
const [data, setData] = useState(initialData);

<JsonForms
  data={data}
  onChange={({ data }) => setData(data)}
/>
```

> In this Scenario, onChange will set the data in the parent component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this scenario, onChange will set the data in the parent component.
```

  />
);

// renderers should be static or memoized
const renderers = [
    ...materialRenderers,
    //register custom renderer
    { tester: rankWith(3,scopeEndsWith('rating')), renderer: RatingControl }
  ]

...

<JsonForms
  schema={schema}
  uischema={uischema}
  data={stateData}
  renderers={renderers}
/>
```

For more information about custom renderers, have a look [here](/docs/tutorial/custom-renderers).

> ## How can I minimize re-rendering in React?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How can I minimize re-rendering?
```

JSON Forms uses React.memo to avoid any unnecessary re-rendering.
Therefore props should in general be stable, for example by memoizing them.

> There are three exceptions: JSON Forms can handle "onChange" and "middleware" changes, for example to support anonymous functions. Also new "i18n" objects will be ignored as long as its properties are stable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are three exceptions: JSON Forms can handle "onChange" and "middleware" changes, for example to support anonymous functions. Also new "i18n" objects will be ignored as long as their properties are stable.
```

JSON Forms is able to recognize `data` objects it emitted via `onChange`, so handing them over is safe too.
However whenever a different `data` object is handed over, JSON Forms will revalidate and rerender.

```js
const [data, setData] = useState(initialData);

<JsonForms
  data={data}
  onChange={({ data }) => setData(data)}
/>
```
In this Scenario, onChange will set the data in the parent component.
Afterwards the data is passed on to JSON Forms, but JSON Forms will not revalidate and render again, since the data prop is the object emitted by the onChange method.
On the other hand an anti pattern can be seen when looking at the `data` prop in the following example:

```js
const [data, setData] = useState(initialData);

<JsonForms
  data={data}
  onChange={({ data }) => setData({ ...data })}
/>
```
Updating the state with a new object in the `onChange` function leads to a new render cycle, in which JSON Forms will revalidate the data and retrigger the onChange method, resulting in an endless loop.

> Only provide a new object to JSON Forms if necessary, for example if an object needs to be modified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only provide a new object to JSON Forms if necessary, for example if the data was modified outside of JSON Forms.
```

> 
> React also provides other tools to stabilize data, such as the `useMemo`, `useCallback`, or `useRef` hooks, to improve the performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
